
Section 3. Score Cancellation and Disciplinary Measures

 a. Score Cancellation and Disciplinary Measures. In the event that College
    Board or ETS determines that your scores are invalid under section 3(b)
    below, or you have engaged in Misconduct under section 3(c) below, we may,
    in our sole discretion, take one or more of the following measures
    (“Measures”): deny you the right to a test administration, decline to score
    your test, cancel your scores, ban you from taking future College Board
    assessments (including, without limitation, the SAT, CLEP Exam or any future
    AP exams), and/or share information with others as set forth in section 3(f)
    below.

    CAUTION! THE CONSEQUENCES OF CHEATING ON THE AP EXAM ARE SEVERE.

    ALL INSTITUTIONS TO WHICH YOU SEND AP SCORES MAY BE NOTIFIED OF YOUR
    MISCONDUCT.
     
 b. Invalid Scores. We may cancel your scores and/or take any of the other
    Measures described above if after following the procedures set forth in this
    section, we determine, in our sole discretion, that there is substantial
    evidence that your scores are invalid (“Invalid Scores”). Examples of
    evidence of Invalid Scores include, without limitation, discrepant
    handwriting, unusual answer patterns, similar essays, or other evidence that
    indicates these Terms and Conditions may have been violated. Before
    canceling your scores under this Invalid Scores section, we will notify you
    in writing (via email if an email address is available) and provide you with
    an opportunity to submit written information to us to help resolve our
    inquiry. If you opt for a further review by a College Board review panel,
    and it confirms, in its sole discretion, that your scores are invalid, we
    will offer you 2 options: voluntary score cancellation or arbitration as set
    forth in Section 8 below. This process is referred to as the “Score Validity
    Process”. The arbitration option is available only for tests administered in
    the United States and U.S. Territories.
     
 c. Misconduct. Notwithstanding section 3(b) above, if we determine, in our sole
    discretion, that there is overwhelming evidence that you violated these
    Terms and Conditions (“Misconduct”), the Score Validity Process will not
    apply, and we may cancel your scores and/or take any of the Measures
    described above. Examples of Misconduct might include having someone else
    assist you during the exam, having someone else take the test for you,
    giving assistance to another test taker during the exam, or plagiarizing,
    which includes submitting an exam with any material other than the exclusive
    product of your own work, or that includes any text, content, graphics,
    pictures, or other content from a third-party source. Misconduct may be
    established in various ways, including, without limitation, by evidence
    discovered after the administration.
     
 d. Testing Irregularities. We may cancel your scores if we determine, in our
    sole discretion, that any testing irregularity occurred (collectively,
    “Testing Irregularities”). Examples of Testing Irregularities include
    problems, irregular circumstances, or events associated with the
    administration of a test, and may affect one test taker or groups of test
    takers. Such problems include, without limitation, administrative errors
    (e.g., using accommodations not approved by College Board or defective
    equipment), network outages, system errors, evidence of possible
    preknowledge of secure test content, and disruptions of test administrations
    caused by events such as natural disasters, epidemics, wars, riots, civil
    disturbances, or other emergencies. When Testing Irregularities occur, we
    may cancel an entire administration or individual registrations, decline to
    score all or part of the test, or cancel scores. We may do this regardless
    of whether or not you caused the Testing Irregularities, benefited from
    them, or violated these Terms and Conditions. We may, in our sole
    discretion, give you a refund. This is the sole remedy that may be available
    to you as a result of Testing Irregularities.
     
 e. Test Taker Reporting Misconduct or Suspicious Behavior. You may
    confidentially report any suspected violation of these Terms and Conditions,
    or any suspicion concerning the security of an AP Exam administration, by
    immediately emailing the AP Hotline at
    collegeboardtestsecurity@collegeboard.org.
     
 f. College Board Sharing Information with Third Parties. We may share the
    results of test security investigations (including, without limitation,
    those relating to Misconduct described above, and other disciplinary-related
    information), with third parties, including with your teacher, school, any
    score recipient, college, higher education institution or agency,
    scholarship organization, admissions office, potential score recipient,
    government agency in the United States or abroad, parents, legal guardians,
    or law enforcement. College Board may also share such information with third
    parties that have a legitimate reason for knowing the information or who may
    be able to assist College Board in its investigation or who may be
    conducting their own investigation. College Board may respond to inquiries
    from any institution to which you submitted a score. If you publicize any
    review, investigation, or decision of College Board, College Board may make
    any and all details of such matter public.

Shamelessly copied from
https://apstudents.collegeboard.org/ap-2020-2021/about-2021-ap-exams/terms-conditions
And take your flag: bcactf{bca_is_taking_APs_in_june_aaaaaaaa_wish_past_me_luck}
