The IB defines plagiarism “as the representation, intentionally or
unintentionally, of the ideas, words or work of another person without proper,
clear and explicit acknowledgment” (General regulations: Diploma Programme).
This includes the use of translated materials. It is the most common form of
student academic misconduct identified by or reported to the IB.

Plagiarism is not a new phenomenon and occurred before large quantities of
information from all over the world could be accessed via the internet. It is
not always due to a devious behaviour. Students can plagiarize accidently
because they ignore the referencing technicalities, although many people would
respect any attempt to indicate an idea came from someone else. There are
students who knowingly plagiarize content from others and some try to hide it
through poor paraphrasing or word substitution.

When plagiarism occurs in coursework or examinations, the validity of the
assessment outcome is called into question, and widespread plagiarism will lead
to a mistrust in results. To maintain high levels of confidence in any
assessment system, all stakeholders participating in the teaching and learning
journey of students should instruct them in the technical skills required to
master referencing while understanding the need to be transparent in the way
they have built any piece of work.

Students need to understand how knowledge is constructed and to develop their
own thinking while showing an honest behaviour by giving credit where credit is
due. Technical skills of referencing are important and students should have the
opportunity to master these techniques during their learning journey. But
understanding the principle of academic integrity in any educational endeavour
comes first.

There are many reasons why students plagiarize.

•Perceived lack of interest by their teachers; why should students invest their
time in writing something that may not receive attention?

•Poor or irrelevant tasks; students will not engage with a task if they do not
see the connection with their learning or career goals.

•Need to succeed; the imperative notion that high grades are expected for all
tasks.

•Lack of confidence in their abilities; students feel unprepared or incapable to
meet the task requirements.

•Poor time management; students may procrastinate in completing a task and
choose to copy the work of others to produce something on time.

•No fear of consequences; students may not care about being caught or may be
willing to take the risk just to “beat the system”.

Many educational institutions have acquired plagiarism detection software on the
assumption that it will act as a deterrent and decrease plagiarism cases.
However, these systems become redundant if the students truly understand what
the purpose of their education is. Plagiarism detection software should not be a
substitution for responsible and purposeful teaching.

There is the belief among some scholars that the internet is exacerbating the
problem of plagiarism due to the easy access to information. With a culture of
“cut and paste” and blurred ownership lines it may be easy for students to
assume that the information available on the internet is free to use without
acknowledgment.

However, plagiarism varies greatly and can stretch from word-for-word, or
verbatim copying, to poor paraphrasing attempts through simple word
substitution. Copying work is not restricted to published text on the internet
or elsewhere, but can include the reuse of work submitted in past examination
sessions by the same or other student(s) that might not be published. Copying
pieces of art such as paintings and music is also considered plagiarism as is
copying computer programming codes. Plagiarism even occurs when students
memorize text and then reproduce it in written or oral examinations or when a
source is translated and used in the target language of the assessment.

The above is from:
https://www.ibo.org/contentassets/76d2b6d4731f44ff800d0d06d371a892/academic-integrity-policy-english.pdf

Again, what a lovely URL.

Anways...

Have a flag:

bcactf{so_uhh_in_both_of_these_texts_uhh_the_authors_talk_about_umm_society_uh_yeah}
